Update README and documentation (#263)
heroku/buildpacks-ruby: README.md

# Heroku Cloud Native Buildpacks: Ruby

[![Cloud Native Buildpacks Registry: heroku/ruby][registry-badge]](https://registry.buildpacks.io/buildpacks/heroku/ruby)
[![CI on GitHub Actions: heroku/ruby](https://github.com/heroku/buildpacks-ruby/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/heroku/buildpacks-ruby/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

![Heroku Cloud Native Buildpack: heroku/ruby](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/51578/13712725/3c6b3368-e793-11e5-83c1-728440111358.png)

> Build your Ruby and Rails application source code into an [OCI images](https://opencontainers.org/) with minimal configuration using the project, no `Dockerfile` required. To learn more about what a CNB is, how they work, and how to use one to build your application, see the [Heroku CNB documentation][heroku-buildpacks].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build your Ruby and Rails application source code into an [OCI image](https://opencontainers.org/) with minimal configuration, no `Dockerfile` required. To learn more about what a CNB is, how they work, and how to use one to build your application, see the [Heroku CNB documentation][heroku-buildpacks].
```
